# Testing

This section of our documentation provides guidance on how we test our code.  It is important to note that writing tests is not just a task to confirm your code works as expected, but an exercise to validate your code design.  If your code is hard to test, consider a refactor.


## Test Types

The types of testing we typically write for the project with basic instructions for each type of test. Includes unit tests, functional component tests (via enzyme), and various types of snapshot tests.

[Read More](types.md)


## Testing Tools

The tools used to get the job done:

 * [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) - This is the primary testing tool we use. It serves as the test runner (e.g. mocha), assertion library (e.g. chai), stubbing/mocking library (e.g. sinon), and test coverage reporter (e.g. istanbul).
 * [Enzyme](https://airbnb.io/enzyme/) - This is a utility used to mimic rendering, simulate events, and inspect our components.


## Test Patterns
Best practices and common patterns for testing our basic file types:

 * [Action Creators](testing-actions.md)
 * [Helpers](testing-helpers.md)
 * [Selectors](testing-selectors.md)
 * [Components](testing-components.md)


## Mocking with Jest

Mocking dependencies and stubbing out methods is pretty different in Jest, so this section goes over common mocking strategies and conventions.

[Read More](mocking.md)


## Test Coverage

Coverage reports are generated by Jest.  Either, run `npm run test-coverage` locally or view in our TravisCI builds.  In addition, [Coveralls](https://coveralls.io/) provides [coverage analysis](https://github.com/SparkPost/2web2ui/pull/834#issuecomment-466549343) in your pull requests.
